commercial computer software documentation,'' as such terms are used in 48
   C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R.
   227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users
   acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein.

   (( 11. ))??
   MISCELLANEOUS.

   This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter
   hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such
   provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
   enforceable. This License shall be governed by California law provisions
   (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding
   its conflict-of-law provisions. With respect to disputes in which at least
   one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do
   business in, the United States of America: (a) unless otherwise agreed in
   writing, all disputes relating to this License (excepting any dispute
   relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and
   binding arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration;
   (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement shall be held in Santa Clara
   County, California, under the auspices of JAMS/EndDispute; and (c) any
   litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of
   the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California, with venue lying
   in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing party responsible for
   costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys
   fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on
   Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law
   or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be
   construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.

   (( 12. ))??
   RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.

   Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section
   3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of
   Your utilization of rights under this License, based on the number of copies
   of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing
   such rights, and other relevant factors. You agree to work with affected
   parties to distribute responsibility on an equitable basis.

AMENDMENTS

Additional Terms applicable to the Netscape Public License.

   (( I. ))??
   Effect.

   These additional terms described in this Netscape Public License --
   Amendments shall apply to the Mozilla Communicator client code and to all
   Covered Code under this License.

   (( II. ))??
   